Updates to readme for dev setup (#38)
pingdotgg/markerthing: README.md

- ^ again, with camera recordings + offset CSV

This workflow takes me ~3 minutes, and it enables my team to quickly grab 5+ videos worth of content after every stream.

## Dev Setup:

> - First you will need a project setup in clerk. 
>   - Create a new project and grab your public + secret keys from the API Keys page.
>   - Copy them.
>   - Save them in a .env.local file.
> - Next you will need a twitch application (https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/authentication/)
>   - Paste them in to your .env.local under `TWITCH_CLIENT_SECRET` + `TWITCH_CLIENT_ID`
> - Install the node modules (make sure you are on node 16+)
>   (if you need to work with multiple versions of node then I highly recommend nvm!)
> - Start up the app with `npm run dev`
> - And presto. Should have running next app!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create Your .env File
1) Set up the project with [Clerk](https://clerk.com/).
    - Create a new project
    - Copy your Public and Secret keys and save them in a `.env.local` file.
    - For troubleshooting and more information on how to setup Clerk, visit their documentation [here](https://clerk.com/docs).
2) Next, you will need a [Twitch](https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/authentication/) application
    - Copy your Twitch application ID and Secret Key into your `.env.local`
### Run Locally
1) Install dependencies 
    - `npm install`
2) Run in development
    - `npm run dev`
```

Reviewer 2: I think that you have to use a custom Clerk OAuth credential for Twitch as well to get the `user:broadcast:read` permission

Reviewer 3: confirmed: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11494384/230221874-5f109018-793f-4ab2-9b65-ace55339eef9.png)
